* Feedback of the rough system description handed in by group 2
* Marc Gähwiler, Leonhard Helmiger, Fabian Zeindler

** General Comments
Overall you are on the right track but there is still a lot to do. Justify your design
decisions using the security principles. The risk analysis covers only a small excerpt,
there should be a lot more in the end. In the system engineering, you follow a structured
procedure, which is good. Try to proceed by applying a clear engineering process
(Analysis, Design, Implementation, Test). Apply the risk analysis process described in the
book for more assets and threat sources and reconsider your definition of the impact- and 
likelihood levels.

** System Description
Your descriptions and figures are mostly clear but it is not clear where the intranet is 
located. You should provide a digram where we can see where the system is embedded in the 
company's existing network. You should also express the processes to recover the keys in 
the case they get lost.

In general an engineering process is visible in your considerations. Try to keep on by
following the procedure starting with requirements analysis from which
you not only derive the use cases but also the system boundaries, the environment,
stakeholders and possible misuse cases. Then, this information is used to design the
system (components, interfaces, communication, ...) before the implementation
and testing phases start.

Justify your design decisions. For example, explain why you use so many different machines. 
Could it be reasonable to merge the functionality of certain machines? Why not? Why do you 
use non-standard ports, etc…

You plan a "real" system which is physical, therefore make clear, which machines are virtual 
in the "real" setting. The report is all about the "real" system but should make clear if your 
implementation differs / is idealized in some ways.

The role of the back-up server is not clear to us. What are the interfaces, where is it located, 
how is the data on it protected, etc…

** Risk Analysis
Your risk analysis covers only an excerpt so far. Think of more assets, what is the main asset 
in your opinion. Think of more business relevant assets too. Then, think about more possible 
threat sources and how they can cause harm to these assets.

In your evaluation, describe the threats in more detail, i.e., state which treat source is 
exploiting the vulnerability. The very same asset could be attacked by various different threat 
sources, thereby leading to different threats with different evaluation and different 
countermeasures. Explain also in more detail possible motivations for the identified threat 
sources. Moreover, there are different internal threat sources (employees, administrators, …).
They have different motivations, skills and may lead to different threats to different assets.
Only if you know their motivation you can determine the likelihood of threats related to them
and define reasonable countermeasures.

Think about your definitions of impact and likelihood, it should be measurable/distinguishable.
If someone gets access to use the system as an arbitrary user, he or she could impersonate
everyone and thereby compromise the whole system.

You state concrete countermeasures as risk acceptance. Risk acceptance describes
remaining risks after the application of all your countermeasures. This is kind of an
insurance for you. The mgmg board will have to agree to accept these risks and thereby
they will have to take responsibility.
